1. Why is a tree appropriate for the doctor structure?
The tree structure is appropriate for modeling the doctor structure because it represents the status each doctor has.
This stucture also helps with the insertion of new doctors to the node because it maintains the hierarchy stucture that has already been set in place.
The tree structure also makes it easier to see the reporting chain, which helps people understand the roles and responsibilities of each doctor and their practice.

2. When might a software engineer use preorder, inorder, or postorder traversals?
Software engineers won't necessarily use these traversals for the same issue, it will most likely be for different reasons, here are some examples.
Preorder: This traversal would be useful to a software engineer when an operations needs to occure on a node before going to its children.
This can include things such as a hierarchial report, the copying of a tree, or the serializing of a tree.
Inorder: This traversal would be used for binary trees, specifically when nodes need to be sorted in order.
This can include things such as displaying sorted lists and searching/analyzing data.
Postorder: This traversal would be used when the child nodes need to be processed before the parent.
This can include things such as deleting a tree or freeing memory, computing values from bottom/lowest to top/greatest, and can help evaluate expressions within trees.

3. How do heaps help simulate real-time systems like emergency intake?
Heaps help simulate real-time systems like emergency intakes because theu efficiently manage priorities.
When it comes to emergency intake, patients need to be traded based off of urgency rather than arrival time.
Heaps help make sure that the patient with the highest priority is at the root while putting the one with the least below them.
This will then help ensure that the system is continuously processing incoming partients, in real-time, while respecting the priority level.
